---
title: Be Professional
description: Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Volutpat est velit egestas dui id ornare arcu.
image: DetailsDog.png
author: curtis
duration: 5
---

It’s common to think that in order to make more money, you need
more cutomers, but in reality, you just need the same customers
you already have, to book appointments more frequently. Groomer.io
automatically contacts customers with a friendly sms message after
6 weeks encouraging your customers to schedule another
appointment.

## Medium Header

It’s common to think that in order to make more money, you need
more cutomers, but in reality, you just need the same customers
you already have, to book appointments more frequently. Groomer.io
automatically contacts customers with a friendly sms message after
6 weeks encouraging your customers to schedule another
appointment.

It’s common to think that in order to make more money, you need
more cutomers, but in reality, you just need the same customers
you already have, to book appointments more frequently. Groomer.io
automatically contacts customers with a friendly sms message after
6 weeks encouraging your customers to schedule another
appointment.

### Small Header

It’s common to think that in order to make more money, you need
more cutomers, but in reality, you just need the same customers
you already have, to book appointments more frequently. Groomer.io
automatically contacts customers with a friendly sms message after
6 weeks encouraging your customers to schedule another
appointment.

It’s common to think that in order to make more money, you need
more cutomers, but in reality, you just need the same customers
you already have, to book appointments more frequently. Groomer.io
automatically contacts customers with a friendly sms message after
6 weeks encouraging your customers to schedule another
appointment.

<article-image src="middlePic.jpg" alt="image"></article-image>

It’s common to think that in order to make more money, you need
more cutomers, but in reality, you just need the same customers
you already have, to book appointments more frequently. Groomer.io
automatically contacts customers with a friendly sms message after
6 weeks encouraging your customers to schedule another
appointment.

# Big Header

It’s common to think that in order to make more money, you need
more cutomers, but in reality, you just need the same customers
you already have, to book appointments more frequently. Groomer.io
automatically contacts customers with a friendly sms message after
6 weeks encouraging your customers to schedule another
appointment.

It’s common to think that in order to make more money, you need
more cutomers, but in reality, you just need the same customers
you already have, to book appointments more frequently. Groomer.io
automatically contacts customers with a friendly sms message after
6 weeks encouraging your customers to schedule another
appointment.

<nuxt-link to="/features/mass-message">Mass Message Feature</nuxt-link>